
By using this service you agree to using it in compliance with [Wheaton's Law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wil_Wheaton#Wheaton.27s_law). Also you express consent to send me your third offspring as a slave to work on my emu farm. You are also hereby granted the privilege to ignore this last sentence.

Also, you agree to the following Terms of Service:


Terms of Service:
=================

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the pastyapp.org website and all content, services and products available at or through the website, including, but not limited to, the Pasty Webservice Server ("PastyServer", usuable through various clients), the Pasty Web Application Client ("PastyWebApp", https://pastyapp.org/), the Pasty Android Application ("PastyAndroidApp") and the informational website ("Website", http://www.pastyapp.org/) (taken together, the "Pasty Application", "Cloud Clipboard" or "Pasty"). The Pasty Application is owned and operated by Philipp Geschke. ("Electric Dynamite"). The Pasty Application is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Electric Dynamite's Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Electric Dynamite (collectively, the "Agreement").

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Pasty Application. By accessing or using any part of the Pasty Application, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Pasty Application or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Electric Dynamite, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Pasty App is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.

1. **Your Pasty Application Account.** If you create an Account for the Pasty Application, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the account. You must immediately notify Electric Dynamite of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. Electric Dynamite will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

2. **Responsibility of Contributors.** If you add an item to your Cloud Clipboard, post material to the Pasty Application, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Pasty Application (any such material, "Content"), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:
    * the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
    * if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
    * you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
    * the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
    * the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
    * the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
    * your Cloud Clipboard is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
    * your Cloud Clipboard username is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company.

    By submitting Content to Electric Dynamite for inclusion on your Pasty Application, you grant Electric Dynamite a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content. If you delete Content, Electric Dynamite will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Pasty Application, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.

    Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Electric Dynamite has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Electric Dynamite's sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in Electric Dynamite's reasonable opinion, violates any Pasty Application policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Pasty Application to any individual or entity for any reason, in Electric Dynamite's sole discretion. Electric Dynamite will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.

3. **Responsibility of Pasty Application Visitors.** Electric Dynamite has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Pasty Application, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's content, use or effects. By operating the Pasty Application, Electric Dynamite does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Pasty Application may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Pasty Application may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Electric Dynamite disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Pasty Application, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.

4. **Content Posted** on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which the Pasty Application links, and that link to the Pasty Application. Electric Dynamite does not have any control over those non-Pasty websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Pasty website or webpage, Electric Dynamite does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Electric Dynamite disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-WordPress websites and webpages.

5. **Copyright Infringement.** As Electric Dynamite asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by the Pasty Application violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Electric Dynamite. Electric Dynamite will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. Electric Dynamite will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Electric Dynamite or others. In the case of such termination, Electric Dynamite will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to Electric Dynamite.

6. **Intellectual Property.** This Agreement does not transfer from Electric Dynamite to you any Electric Dynamite or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Electric Dynamite. Electric Dynamite, Pasty, the Pasty Application, PastyServer, PastyWebApp, PastyWebApplication and the Pasty Logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Pasty Application, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Electric Dynamite or Electric Dynamite's licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Pasty Application grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Electric Dynamite or third-party trademarks.

7. **Advertisements.** Electric Dynamite reserves the right to display advertisements on your Cloud Clipboard unless you have purchased an Ad-free Upgrade.

8. **Changes.** Electric Dynamite reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Electric Dynamite may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

9. **Termination.** Electric Dynamite may terminate your access to all or any part of the Pasty Application at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Pasty Application account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Pasty Application. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

10. **Disclaimer of Warranties.** The Pasty Application is provided "as is". Electric Dynamite and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Electric Dynamite nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Pasty Application will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Pasty Application at your own discretion and risk.

11. **Limitation of Liability.** In no event will Electric Dynamite, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Electric Dynamite under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. Electric Dynamite shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

12. **General Representation and Warranty.** You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Pasty Application will be in strict accordance with the Electric Dynamite Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Pasty Application will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

13. **Indemnification.** You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Electric Dynamite, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Pasty Application, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.

14. **Miscellaneous.** This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Electric Dynamite and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Electric Dynamite, or by the posting by Electric Dynamite of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Pasty Application will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic Of Germany, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Frankfurt am Main, Hessen, Germany. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Electric Dynamite may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

Licensed under Creative Commons Sharealike license (CC-BY-SA). Remix of [WordPress.com Terms of Service](https://en.wordpress.com/tos/), which are licensed under CC-BY-SA.


